Welcome to Banking Process Guys, in today's
video we will learn
how to buy car insurance from your mobile phone while sitting at home.
Your car insurance has
expired or
your car insurance is going to expire in the coming days.
In both the situations, you can renew and buy your car insurance online.
What instructions do you have to
follow? What documents should you have?
Total details.
We will discuss in today's video. Keep
watching the video till the end. If you have come to the channel for the first
time, then
subscribe and press the bell icon so that
you get information related to credit card, loan and
banking first. To
buy or renew car insurance, it is mandatory to have
one of the two documents - PAN card or Aadhar card.
Because after January 1, 2023, if you do
car insurance or bike insurance, then doing
KYC is mandatory. There
is a new rule of IRDA, you
should have the RC of the car and the old
insurance. In it, you will be able to see the date
when your insurance is going to expire or
your insurance.  When has it expired, then
you will have to fill that data online here
and I am telling you here by buying the insurance of your car,
you should follow the same to same interaction, first you should
watch the video completely and
understand the interaction, after that you can
also insure your car online with the same to same process,
you will get the insurance at a better and affordable price than offline,
so to renew the insurance of the car,
I have provided you a direct link below the video, you have to
click on the link, then
you will be redirected
on this page, here you can see the guys
ICICI Loard, we will be redirected on this page, so first of all
you have to
enter your vehicle number, this is
your car number, you will get it on the RC, you have to
enter the mobile number, you have to
enter the email ID, after that
you have to accept both the terms and conditions,
you have to click on Get Quit, as soon as you
enter these details and click on Get Quit, then
this kind of page will appear in front of you
on the mobile number you have entered
An OTP will be sent to you. You have to enter that OTP here and
click on verify. After
entering the OTP and clicking on verify, a
page like this will open in front of you.
Here you can see that the
Maruti car we have is better and is in the good category,
so you can also get extra discounts here.
This is optional. You
can do it according to your needs. The older the model of your car,
the less insurance you will get. If the
model is new, you will have to pay more
insurance. You will
see three types of insurance plans here. First of all,
we will look at third party
insurance. Third party insurance
basically
covers any loss caused by
your car to a third person. If any damage occurs to your car,
it is not covered in this. Third party
insurance also provides three benefits:
road side assistance, car
damage, personal accidental cover. You
can add
and remove these facilities here as per your needs.
You can see in zero depreciation, it
also covers damage to your car.
You get five types of benefits,
Road Site Assistant Zero Depreciation
Consumerist, it is Zero Debt
Insurance, the damage to your car is also
covered in it, you will be able to remove and add your benefits here,
accordingly the
premium of your car will be shown to you here,
they have also given Smart Plan here,
you get to see some more extra benefits in Smart Plan,
like here
you will see seven benefits, Road Site
Assistant Zero Depreciation
Consumerist are provided
in Smart Plan, so according to you,
whichever plan you have to buy, like at least
you have to keep third party insurance, if
your car has a huge
liability, then I recommend you select Zero
Depreciation Zero Debt Insurance,
if there is any damage to your car by accident, then
its cover will also be
included in it, Zero Depreciation
Plan is recommended, so you should
select this plan, after that you have to
select your plan,
after selecting the plan, you have to go to a down  You
get the option of Personal Protect Policy,
here it becomes
325 automatic plus, so this is
according to you, if you want you can remove it
and if you want you can add it also,
then you have to click on continue here, if
you click on continue then you
can see please verify the
information below, you will see here the city
of registration Maruti's Baleno, the model of our car has
come, the vehicle purchase date has also
come, the ex-showroom price has also come,
here we will see the previous policy end
date has also come and we have not made any claim, in
this way our complete details are
mentioned here, you have to click on dates correct,
after that
as I told you in the beginning itself,
after 1 January 2023 there
is a new rule of IRDA, it is mandatory for you to do KYC while doing insurance,
this
date is also mentioned here that you have to do KYC,
for doing KYC you must have
PAN card, Aadhar card or C
Having a KYC number is mandatory. You have to
click on Begin KYC process here. A
new interface will appear in front of you. You can see
Update KYC PAN Card Aadhar Card
C KYC Number I Hope if you have a
PAN card then you have to enter your PAN card
number and date of birth.
After that you have to click on Verify.
You will be able to complete KYC with the same process using Aadhar card also.
You have to
click on Verify here. As soon as
you click on Verify,
this interface opens in front of you.
Here you can see that your KYC
verification has been successfully done by PAN. Your
name will appear, date of birth, your address,
your mobile number, email ID, gender and your
address are mentioned here.
You will also be able to see the price of the premium on the side here.
You have to accept the terms and conditions and
click on Proceed. As soon as you
click on Proceed, this
kind of information will appear in front of you. Here you
can see the vehicle details, your registration
number, your car number.  You will get the
cess number, engine number and your
premium will be shown here. You will have to
enter the old policy number here, although it
comes automatically, if it does not come then
you have to enter which company the previous policy
was from. You will also have to enter the name of the company.
After that, you will
also have to enter the third party policy details here.
Like if it is a new car, then the first
one year insurance in it is of zero
depreciation, whereas the four year
insurance is third party, so
you have to take your old policy,
its third party insurance details have to be
mentioned, if the car is older than five years,
then this page will not
appear here, the third party page will not appear. After
filling the third party insurance data,
you will also have to enter the nominee details, that is,
nominee's full name, relationship, date
of birth, you have to mention these three
in the nominee details, after that you have to
click on proceed to pay, your premium
payment will be shown here, although since it is a
new car, hence the premium
amount is showing higher here. If your
car is old, the older your car,
the lower the insurance premium you will
see.  You will get it, now guys, you have filled in all the data
here, you have to click on proceed to
pay, as soon as you
click on proceed to pay, the
payment interface will open in front of you,
in the payment interface only you have to make your payment
and you will be able to complete your payment through UPI,
net banking, debit, credit card, these
payment methods, you
complete your payment, as soon as
your payment is completed,
a PDF will come on your email, in which the
complete details of your car insurance will be mentioned,
inform yourself about whatever insurance you take so that
you
get information about such videos first